I listened with great interest to what the President-in-Office had to say.
A conference was held on this topic in Parliament earlier this year and I look forward to the Commission's report in the autumn.
I made a speech on Friday 23 October which was incorrectly reported on page 10 of the Minutes.
in writing. - (NL) In the end, I voted against this resolution as, following its amendment in the Committee on Foreign Affairs and in plenary, we have ended up with a text that assumes Turkish membership of the European Union.
This plan of action was decided upon this morning by the Commission, bringing together several Commissioners, each responsible for their own area.
(NL) Mr President, Mr President-in-Office of the Council, Mr President of the Commission, I should like to congratulate Portugal on its Presidency and thank it for its pledge to work closely together with this House.
However, because it is such a small amount and because it only affects small farms, which basically do a good job in the countryside, you should reconsider.
I am grateful to you, and I am firmly convinced that, if there were more Verhofstadts in Europe, we would make much more progress.
We also agree with the amendments tabled by the Committee on the Environment, Public Health and Consumer Protection.
I should like to thank Mr Bangemann for what he said and in particular I would like to thank him on behalf of the small and medium-sized enterprises in my constituency which will look very favourably upon this particular proposal for change.
Only, the term 'healthy food' does itself appear to be paradoxical.
This is why I argued in the Committee on the Internal Market and Consumer Protection for transparent and more easily understandable information on the emission ratings of vehicles.
Parliament has also successfully ensured that real progress is made on the interoperability of toll systems and that stronger incentives are given to use less polluting heavy goods vehicles.
With this in mind, it seems logical that the funds should be earmarked for these countries, rather than being spent on information initiatives of questionable benefit in the countries which have already been highly successful in introducing the single currency.
As was detailed very precisely in the Commission proposal, the principle of the visa exemption is certainly to be supported, given that the level of economic development, education and democratic governance of Taiwan is comparable to the OECD countries in the region - South Korea and Japan.
If we do not want our rural areas to continue to decline and the numbers of farmers to continue to reduce, posing a serious threat to the self-sufficiency of the EU Member States, then it is high time we stopped paying agricultural subsidies to the big agricultural concerns and instead gave the money to those who really need it in order to survive - in other words, to small farmers.
In the original working time directive we had agreed way back in 1993 that it would be possible to introduce annualisation of working time for categories of workers, but only where collective agreements allowed that to happen.
.
Penalties for serious infringements against the social rules in road transport (
Then there is freedom of access to negotiating documents on the partnership and cooperation agreements with countries such as China.
The result does not matter; in the end Spanish, French and British citizens will have a much greater understanding of Italians.
I shall just mention that the Czech Prime Minister Topolánek visited Skopje yesterday and reaffirmed our commitment to the European aspiration of this country.
To enable the Community budget to support these Member States, the Commission has amended its proposal for a joint action to allow us to make use of the European Refugee Fund. This will allow us to draw on the European Refugee Fund, a fund which, I would remind you, holds EUR 15 million.
in writing. - (BG) I voted for this resolution because an effective mechanism needs to be established for settling trade disputes between the European Union and the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan.
Evidently, the Roma are not simply an ethnic and national minority, but are also a multiply disadvantaged social minority.
This is one of the costs of a genuinely effective fight against terrorism.
Suddenly, all sides are calling for effective cross-border consumer protection and robust action where wrongly labelled products are concerned.
I would like to highlight the following as being particularly relevant: (1) the European Globalisation Adjustment Fund (EGF) supports the reintegration of workers made redundant from the labour market, without absolving the companies of their responsibilities; (2) in the context of the mobilisation of the EGF, the Commission has proposed an alternative sourcing of payment appropriations other than unused European Social Fund (ESF) resources, as Parliament has urged; (3) the functioning and added value of the EGF should be evaluated in the context of the general assessment of the programmes and various other instruments created by the IIA of 17 May 2006 within the process of the 2007-2013 multiannual financial framework (MFF) mid-term review; (4) the Commission's proposal includes information about the application, analysing the eligibility criteria and explaining the reasons which led to its approval, which is also in line with Parliament's requests.
It is just as essential to seek out women who are not so well informed and less accessible.
The Commission clearly supports the Assembly's wish to take on a more politically ambitious role. This is very much in line with what we would like the Cotonou Agreement to contribute generally in North-South relations and giving that a parliamentary accent is also very desirable.
Differences must be expressed if they are effectively to be overcome and that is how we managed to make progress on the question of medicines, when the north-south conjunction proved effective.
A recent survey in Ireland showed that, while Irish freshwaters are still markedly less polluted than the European average, up to 30% of river length has been contaminated by phosphates.
We want to make use of this information at a later stage, that is after the delegation has returned, as the basis for a major debate in this House, involving the Council and the Commission, and leading to the adoption of a really well founded resolution.
It seems almost to be an unfortunate coincidence, placing a greater onus on us, now that we are preparing to debate the proposal and the timeliness of whether or not to reopen the Mont Blanc tunnel.
I would like to underline the contribution of the European Parliament.
I hope to be able to report to the Committee on Fisheries on possible solutions in the near future.
I would like to ask you to confirm unambiguously for the benefit of all the candidate countries that these subject areas are not covered by the acquis communautaire.
I feel that this is a well-balanced legislative proposal that has sought to strike a balance between safeguarding the industry's legitimate interests, and especially those of the SMEs, with the need to protect the environment and public health.
Mr President, I would just like to make it clear that the reason why the Committee on External Economic Relations has not dealt with this problem is the delay in consulting us. As a matter of fact we are not usually consulted at all.
As rapporteur, I am aware that the Agency works in Kosovo under difficult political conditions.
It is in the nature of such reports that it deals with difficulties and problems, so one might be tempted to be pessimistic and there are signs of that already.
The three-year period being proposed means in fact that the effective period in which the exchange of information has taken place will be only two years.
The next item is the report (A5-0223/2003) by Herman Vermeer, on behalf of the Committee on Regional Policy, Transport and Tourism, on the proposal for a European Parliament and Council directive relating to the protection of pedestrians and other vulnerable road users in the event of a collision with a motor vehicle and amending Directive 70/156/EEC (COM(2003) 67 - C5-0054/2003 - 2003/0033(COD)).
We are abstaining from voting in the final vote.
This is not something that is purely related to poverty.
There are a few points I should like to make in the three minutes available to me.
As Minister Sasi said, this has been a very helpful debate.
Similarly Moldovan interest in the possibility of the dispatch of an EU fact-finding mission is positive.
These are proliferating in my own country.
However, in the context of the rights of the child we felt that the treatment of the subject deserves separate attention and as such does not belong here.
Thank you, Commissioner Pinheiro.
Anyone who has paid close attention to the developments affecting the car industry will agree with me that an unprecedented consensus has been reached in favour of electric vehicles.
I agree with the rapporteur's suggestion that there should be a similar requirement for structural funds.
Let all the specialist committees and European Affairs Committees colour-code every single proposal: black, if the national parliament wants to see binding EU laws; green, if there are to be minimum provisions with the option of better protection for welfare, health, the environment, the working environment, security, consumer protection and animal welfare; yellow, if the desire is merely for voluntary coordination instead of binding laws; and red, if the EU is to steer completely clear of a matter.

Today, ironically in the Dublin district court, sex assault charges against this individual were dropped.
   – The many opinions and different arguments show what a sensitive subject this is and what a sense of responsibility we need to show here.
The Cross-Border Mergers Directive was due to be transposed by Member States by December 2007.
Even now, the majority of Indian foreign investment is situated in the European Union and the Tata Group alone is a leading employer in the industrial sector in Great Britain.
I do not consider that liberalisation will have negative implications for employment, for the lower cost of energy will allow companies more room for development and create a greater number of jobs than are lost with the end of the monopolies.
(DE) Mr President, looking at the agenda and assuming that the debate on Georgia takes place today, we do not have any specific requests.
The current proposal totally contradicts this policy and will do substantial damage to Community protection of intellectual property rights.
That is what I would assume.
The poor countries are in urgent need of help. This makes their position all the more difficult.
In order for immigrant groups to be integrated, they must show a greater desire for this to take place and make the necessary efforts to assimilate.
I must say, this sounds rather absurd to me.
With the conclusion of 1996 we reached the midway point in the current programming period.
This is because when they see that all the atmospheric pollution and other forms of pollution that we are suffering from have done more damage in the last 20 years to buildings such as cathedrals, that are centuries old, than they have in previous centuries, they will be aware that something is happening.
How did this virus get to Europe from Asia?
However, I should like to put one question to you, and I do not know whether you are willing or indeed able to answer it, because this is not your own area of responsibility.
When I look at the Austrian Member who spoke of a basic right to health that we are all trampling under foot, yes, ladies and gentlemen, then I would like to call for an immediate stop to night journeys by freight trains, because people’s health is affected when railway trains travel through cities and villages at night making a tremendous amount of noise.
I think the lesson of this close vote is that any attempt at the end of this legislature to prolong the life of having a fourth Vice-President for each committee and a sixth Quaestor would be doomed to failure, and I would advise against it.
Firstly, the ALTENER programme is open to participation from countries in line for accession.
Irish luck places us in the right place at the right time.
In view of these major challenges that face us in the textiles and clothing sector and which will remain for some years to come, in particular, as you have stressed, the effect of abolishing import quotas on 1 January 2005, the Commission has re-examined its policies and instruments in order to identify measures or lines of action that might make the textiles and clothing sector more competitive.
They are quite small, there is not a lot of money in them, but they are in danger of fragmentation if things continue like this.
My final point concerns foreign, security and defence policy.
When it comes to Greece and Spain, people say that only tourism can solve the economic crisis, and that means more flights to Athens, to Palma, to Marbella and to other destinations.
Mr Hamon's report on the Savings Tax Directive is excellent and balanced.
Unfortunately, the efforts made so far are clearly not enough.
In this respect, I welcome the recent European Court of Justice decision clarifying certain rules in the Treaty and the Stability and Growth Pact.
2020 is based on 2010. The objective of less poverty is based on today.
Since the autumn of 2008, when the effects of the present crisis on employment started to be evident, the Employment Committee, which was established by the Council in accordance with Article 130 of the Treaty, has undertaken the new task of continuous monitoring of the Member States' employment situation.
Firstly, how do we deal with the issue?
Surely they have to wait until June to make that decision?
   . Mr President, I am extremely grateful for the Minister's comprehensive and very clear explanation on the prospects for the summit with the Russian Federation.
It is vital for the confidence of citizens that Europe can in fact engage with them on their behalf.
We have just been involved in major controversy with the Council about these issues.
If there really is a problem with the building, then, for God's sake, we will just have to move into the Palais de l'Europe across the river.
The communication describes the types of pollution and lists the measures.
You, Mr Berlusconi, have talked about differences of opinion and hence the need for negotiation, but significant efforts at negotiation have already been made in the Convention, and in its Praesidium in particular.
We are set to celebrate the 50th anniversary of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights under your presidency.
We are working with national audit institutions to involve them in this process, but there must also be clear evidence for the Court of Auditors.
European governance is not something the citizens of the EU want, nor is it provided for in the Union's Treaties.
But who is protecting European wine?
However, the issues in question are completely different, because our question does not cover the general issue of nuclear power plants.
The European Parliament has come to the conclusion that, 'according to information given by Murat Kurnaz's lawyer and information provided by the German authorities, there was a prospect of the release of Murat Kurnaz from Guantánamo in 2002 but this was not accepted by the German authorities' and that 'Murat Kurnaz's lawyer was told by the German Government that it was impossible to open negotiations with the US Government on his release because Murat Kurnaz was a Turkish citizen' even though 'all investigations had established, by as early as at the end of October 2002, that Murat Kurnaz posed no terrorist threat'.
We have worked in many areas in which, in one way or another, disabled people were the focus of our attention, namely in regard to the anti-mine action in Southern Africa.
The second matter I intended to address concerns the way in which religion is misused.
Finally, a comment on external relations.
